=head1 ActivePerl 5.22 Change Log

For the latest information on ActivePerl, please see:

    http://www.ActiveState.com/ActivePerl/

=head2 Build 2201 January, 2016

Build 2201 is based on Perl 5.22.1 plus additional selected changes.

I<Bug Fixes and Changes since build 2200>

=over 3

=item *

The following security vulnerabilities have been addressed:

=over

=item OpenSSL - multiple fixes

OpenSSL has been upgraded to 1.0.2e to address several moderate
issues. Please see https://www.openssl.org/news/secadv/20151203.txt
for full details.

CVE-2015-3193: BN_mod_exp may produce incorrect results on x86_64

CVE-2015-3194: Certificate verify crash with missing PSS parameter

CVE-2015-3195: X509_ATTRIBUTE memory leak

CVE-2015-3196: Race condition handling PSK identify hint

CVE-2015-1794: Anon DH ServerKeyExchange with 0 p parameter

=item CVE-2015-8607

Beginning in PathTools 3.47 and/or perl 5.20.0, the File::Spec::canonpath()
routine returned untained strings even if passed tainted input.  This defect
undermines the guarantee of taint propagation, which is sometimes used to
ensure that unvalidated user input does not reach sensitive code.

=item CVE-2015-8608

Perl 5 on Windows suffers from two out-of-bounds read and multiple small
buffer over-read vulnerabilities in the VDir::MapPathA and VDir::MapPathW
functions that could potentially be exploited to achieve arbitrary code
execution.

These defects have been present since perl-5.005_02-2346-g7766f13, circa
1999, and are still present in the latest releases of Perl.

=back

=item *

Significant changes that have occurred in the Perl 5.22.1 release are
documented in L<perl5221delta>.

=item *

Most bundled modules have been updated to their latest released
version from CPAN.  Use the C<ppm query> command to check the exact
version included in this release.

=back

=head2 Build 2200 June, 2015

I<What's new in the 2200 Series>

=over 3

=item *

This build corresponds to the Perl 5.22.0 source code release.

=item *

The 2200 series builds of ActivePerl are not binary compatible with
builds in the 2000 or earlier series.  Any extensions built using binaries
from the ActivePerl 2000 or earlier series will need to be recompiled.
Note especially that this applies to PPM packages that may have been
built for earlier series of ActivePerl.

=item *

Significant changes that have occurred since the 5.20 release are documented in
L<perl5220delta>.

=item *

Most bundled distributions have been updated to their latest released
version from CPAN.  Use the C<ppm list> command to check the exact
version included in this release.

=back
